Add HTMLBaseElement.href docs (#31464)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlbaseelement/href/index.md

---
title: "HTMLBaseElement: href property"
short-title: href
slug: Web/API/HTMLBaseElement/href
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLBaseElement.href
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, such as links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).
```

> The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for [relative URLs](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls), such as links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).
```

> The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">``).

Author: ```suggestion
The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).
```

> The **`HTMLBaseElement.href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for relative URLs, like links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">``).
```

also https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/31462#discussion_r1440445929

> It reflects the `href` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("base")}} element and is the empty string (`""`) if there are none.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It reflects the `href` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("base")}} element.
```

## Value

> A string that contains a URL, or the empty string (`""`) if there is no `href` element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A string that contains a URL, or the empty string (`""`) if the `<base>` element does not include the `href` attribute.
```

? Although I don't get this. For a page with a `<base>` element like `<base target="_blank" />`, served from "http://[::]:8000/", I get:

```
const base = document.getElementsByTagName("base")[0];
console.log(`base href:  ${base.href}`);
> base href:	http://[::]:8000/
```

> A string that contains a URL, or the empty string (`""`) if the `<base>` element does not include the `href` attribute.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A string that contains a URL, or the empty string (`""`) if the corresponding `<base>` element does not include the `href` attribute.
```

## Examples

```html
<base href="https://developer.mozilla.org/example" />
```

```js

> const base = document.getElementsByTag("base")[0];

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const base = document.getElementsByTagName("base")[0];
```

console.log(base.href); // 'https://developer.mozilla.org/example'

> ```

Reviewer 3: Should we also show the result if there is no `href` attribute?

Reviewer: there can only be one base element in a page, so we can't include two in a single example; opting to not include and `target`-only `<base>` example.

Reviewer 4: We could have two examples. I'd have done that, except that this violates CSP and I get an error for that case.

Reviewer 4: But I think is OK without both. The expected behaviour is stated.

---
title: "HTMLBaseElement: href property"
short-title: href
slug: Web/API/HTMLBaseElement/href
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLBaseElement.href
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for [relative URLs](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls), such as links pointing to a fragment in the document (`<a href="#example">`).

Reviewer 4: I see this as unnecessary, as indicated by Will, in particular now this links to the relative URLs page.
```suggestion
The **`href`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLBaseElement")}} interface contains a string that is the URL to use as the base for [relative URLs](/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#absolute_urls_vs._relative_urls).
```
